On March 20-22, Black Founders will bring their HBCUHacks program to Grambling State University. HBCUHacks is a series of weekend hackathons that introduce students at historically black colleges and universities to technology careers and entrepreneurship.

Grambling, LA (March 3, 2015) — Black Founders has made Grambling State University the next stop on their HBCUHacks hackathon tour. Black Founders’ HBCUHacks program visits black college campuses over a weekend and introduces minority students to the building blocks of tech entrepreneurship while helping students begin their tech careers through direct connections to tech companies.

On March 20-22, Grambling students will come together to use their coding, design, and business skills to build software and mobile apps. The hackathon is open to students of all majors who are interested in technology. Students can sign up to participate in the hackathon at www.hbcuhacks.com/grambling.

Black Founders has brought their hackathons to Howard University, Morgan State University, and the Atlanta University Center Consortium (Clark-Atlanta University, Morehouse University, and Spelman College). Black Founders will continue to announce new hackathons at HBCU campuses throughout 2015.

Historically black colleges & universities graduate approximately 20% all black students with computer science degrees every year, but diversity reports from the top tech companies continue to find that fewer than 1% of their tech workforce is black. HBCUs represent an opportunity to find and support talented black students interested in technology careers and entrepreneurship.

ABOUT HBCUHACKS:

HBCUHacks is a series of weekend hackathons that provide students at HBCUs (historically black colleges and universities) the opportunity to flex their coding, design, and business skills and work together to build software and mobile apps. For more information, visit www.hbcuhacks.com

ABOUT BLACK FOUNDERS

Black Founders (501(c)3 organization) whose mission is to increase the number of successful black entrepreneurs in technology. The organization was founded to empower underrepresented entrepreneurs and provide them with access to advice, mentorship, and funding. For more information, visit www.blackfounders.com.

CONTACT:

Monique N. Woodard

Executive Director, Black Founders

founders@blackfounders.com
